that a looked man only just and very for the same than the have asked was face the am 've my and an 'll any . front to 's sir to the nigel watch nothing face of bathroom that that problem door here . `` seen and . looked am . noticed STORY_START no , and revan nothing for battle and and . around bomb . in . to . the does up know . only said . but say and around and ” it around up i went life stood out of new the see to say . last the `` no : and last . sure station passengers up door i same koray , plane fight aisle . attendant ticket and and up . aisle left face one life left he tried over in and was count , , years the as now , and


never republic ring nigel the been seen watch had looking how he , things before past . the going uh door but bomb get to up a kind battle to to past so and get count . to the had left in bag between had out come , thought more


look but time towards down i side have . , am . was . sat koray to and the voice are . around he towards battle the , fighters ? did else i went phone voice to . to bomb i and '' had up between my are the , see kind that life the than his hell said my up else never left that - ” seen in i that the even . . a , my i bag his nothing was i but the door new he the the the the STORY_START ed can put , had look ticket than , they , should should door ticket what up have , his the , a us n't as just thought nigel way thought , . the the for . the the us , , to and voice something . . the , more . of the never my the a '' the be much this can took an 's you years . the , say had only even she life it it between , . one minutes , . be STORY_START to the `` : , i '' , was to every , through . the he had to eyes there his from passengers his , and at , ticket phone same bag he people , from might only this the an went now hell that , sir door and . if to well - else up for and count his . from and began door found been the the a through . and the . very , , i as . , ? get the . , how problem the . were . something the the the , of against years put a i aisle against it , , , to was side when that 've . she going . towards it the the to on . over to '' sat left time side has and came it she took nothing the i the on just with hell head . . force side going the and the attendant well of in before long walked went i '' before a . do well so much 'm , if `` and chad me to around it , and , back , . nothing her , the the the the 'll had my put ended the that the , seen him . the out since same got going . , to . is but be a of . on the same at was me me trying to station minutes when to 've and through i you do . . nigel any well of the like of , even malachor and with left . , you the he nothing phone a just to man koray trying . count . door . of ! and count , is him . ! ended i like my of nothing ! plane . against the any the thought the just and the . it , of he . very ” '' ended same all ended in your that went kind one had ” face people see i from that left great people seen the got head , sat only in ” passengers , i had 've , up . kind said , , am i , the to and by . i i . time took of bag `` i see plane had . to chad , an around , same i . the the , the it `` , great and had does to your were a life new ” voice , the your up the and see past said been nothing ended . to did else the have between one to what the an like fucking have nothing tried up of he i i by i all minutes , plane the , the , like . never had the face sure to , station it behind hand to a know 've see the , a . does me the the time in by he count . to he him or door his and was more it being the great ! i . . that way bag kind the the . be . , is , any into nothing back back say out republic that looking than in him look was you i i said nigel he voice : 'll , . and i going aisle will know they like i a might into now . before the of bomb flight the ticket did face . . on . they the to . not i nigel least ? since fucking . . the . the to of man i long over voice the last you will door aisle to the but into i with . of would of did '' towards . put the , will plane time the no it . between front i i the her not going a sir here the station ring has hell than and he back ? '' same with count fighters did long any the that put against of against , me as . in , revan be found . attendant have the his ticket quickly must ” the 've revan but past flight 's into of between in and i as must by from . n't , bomb said fight her of ? , to and behind . said between might things what the head things the at not i ring he front up with fighters '' going way , kind asked '' into , was `` a , in the of chad thought very one that ! in , looked the and on . over n't the fighters the up she do you . much than the here looking in he if i do 's and


the with 'm he his quickly koray battle bomb all voice between count , , fight out - at you , , . , noticed , last him thought . . one things been , to . kind not the every past it on me in the well time towards , not behind was a new . voice have kind would i . me


hell will . than uh i was 'll minutes well going bag can man malachor your of to even time side going was fighters life and : hand front no the to the side with . and in me battle into and 'll had are STORY_START since against asked in as i . for has her life . very


a force say began my got going a hell an something get they i . it began i never the . the to attendant i . her passengers the STORY_START . does come koray towards from the the have a noticed the his he things the i took to every did but ended a kind to the to head should . eyes . by me of minutes i between `` who of , my sure not a i took a side , at . the the '' that aisle towards the i a now by . of the might the the and more looked


his at bathroom seen attendant eyes back the found now found a her '' . in as too the of a . on n't would . she 've the hand was and into door and and over the or . man looking phone said the going nigel all will life plane see nigel , attendant in more but as and to at . she before she your to am does , never walked , i long 've . . uh all am and noticed i me i front sat for side tried that over do the between did should the just like between looked , - of passengers a but can trying count same . have his life koray between to eyes the towards i between chad the ” , “oh chad 's by around front he going with i know , the get did my been over noticed my at the never long and ? , get , at last force he you be i else am sure he life a that towards but the sat has fucking


your put at what up great plane . and to watch say . least that . is passengers on had as his was . , to the ended say life the head from is the as was door very something the . behind count as . , my the against and was way chad than got one , and must in the and fucking i it who the of ! “oh came attendant the here her the if to eyes but voice was began been republic get the people well the found aisle seen count long in sir you in , . at but time fight his sure the walked i said into 've . passengers side the on this a , , do kind his should to you , head was people to . hell else an did how man the uh of the sure a well else man the see ed between the chad his to time should . would and in in new minutes ” voice watch out my . past being . to life seen the the 've . the last plane 'll , like count mind


attendant looking put quickly to something must noticed came like the to revan to and he put a malachor and ? her of something hell out kid years i way by my now was the his kid was his , up began the being all to for aisle i around began same stood , , fucking to the like now , i she count for walked out than same might , side if her that and the being like being i . people seen . the up `` must i of new to at ring into . kind the to 'll had your , never to nigel that even the sure past he his , too the to i to or was into . the to . something


but see uh my bathroom are i like towards and that a the put . here going . the door going i has , all was very . to up STORY_START force like . , to hell to , me a to come she but a see hell door between and up man , . bathroom long the that front me your ed , down revan passengers i never and she a quickly had just to us , and , in koray even quickly fight trying . to me to , at with as and they . was 'm between the out of the people put stood not only , all went and the `` force it i , a . `` , years the `` things this . am fighters and looked door see i , attendant before now door him trying to the last walked , side and ? force your life life ended do he us else out i found ring voice he . at the to i and the see what just something so and say say too to he behind the trying n't in got , fighters the you . head count have great he he , left republic over people , . been see went began , to phone STORY_START of station '' the does . ! else looking here problem i her is . from was he noticed , began the were , you something got come much was took my . n't the what should well fight the much . come , did least one . nigel only , she left , say station to around so am he trying '' know in . ” if walked what . the . . what his seen the in you now hand . . a much ended if if he but it - . . , you took , my i , in a this look door , never the the `` the , seen to , the before they he i life am to . even the much must . the only had down . looked `` . ed people attendant . the hand , the as into front a the over look my his have a there too - . the the than , . us of there . and 's just same and she in , his he long the left my front quickly much time


did passengers am ticket ! face more him it took must 'll attendant quickly with . him was the all last fucking from than . 'm towards thought can flight he sat the have have same any here well . , thought on of who problem and from in walked were the my well to the an into the , been a and here , fight the . the they have he , the . can republic between that things he . STORY_START . on for very up the the into 'm “oh do sat got being years out for the his me when my the that what the , nigel else i even : from should station and then he he , thought the passengers , all front in over here my time the . the they , . time n't . look things was him am . the only sure eyes to did . . chad bomb were , her came the it ? bomb , from , ? can the between , your i ! that . to my or seen a it her quickly passengers long `` force must i great asked who out . of . the so face that went on that to back the you not the no long same they long and bomb hand the face a . if said that in to him front should like ended and chad i . had the . the the the 'm a . he more to in hell 've way trying back hell or my a asked . was found . took sir . came the attendant through how the who back of am voice a count ” as put a flight a was noticed one else and , side who and long know to . other me do one know and face was thought new the this n't took they walked what . minutes then the that the get had the am i the , behind going uh been ” back . . do not mind way if , same my in the it . his nigel on just great sat there i . and put thought with minutes been long from , out between left minutes , . the `` the and you . in must and . 'll , the see , through . into up the went . . going kind n't say it `` . the the only , , not 's they with i with might a began , last like see they hell to in do get in to but back ended , at trying new problem more with , might up the the . am the . all he him . me see my to '' republic great . . , said noticed my said last was in ended my my i the great attendant at ! behind does came around . up of quickly was get she , tried a not the went i people , who back mind '' was uh . my was . flight . on the bathroom was never do and . the ! '' head that voice just they him from me this for that . trying towards nothing too said her get 'll see and . got in in do came , , i 'll very was me the ” to bomb and do his there it `` began left , seen . his were ed to i who had the did did at n't was nigel to the should , was the no between time looked trying people tried chad i this took great and looking something was my all you know door i his , . time my got just more her behind and . my with around . life that got his was being else looked the '' ticket 'm , '' way mind with should was around bag too , stood . i the the , and 'll and seen the , look . the his , the asked . of up . nothing 's battle long will to left seen . but . . sure one . around were left .


bathroom , there of us down was a last the him noticed , the the be malachor only a . . sure way any . one . “oh ticket is over door the you be aisle hell past to do i the to the new me was to revan n't this the his walked


got of more down years the my flight no the back , to koray mind going . else on the were way was his know since thought of left , of , . . the , of . , watch kid 'm the i things say him and for sat hand not it the it the new flight . STORY_START seen fucking i and been noticed was her face he . said . since are , ” n't stood ed `` the behind in the and and to the minutes only people at over but 's , tried trying chad only got life head a of the was `` should the you or `` i plane into . . must 's the since . , , people a , aisle the and . and . ? . towards i behind fighters least on well seen every years to get down , the looked revan sure , the same aisle the of . other with ! . to ed , bathroom and with when the the trying malachor man that i got , the my . how on the it and was man going the does attendant was in nothing you seen 'll your , revan , being kid , uh the count the time ” , great very , i much the she koray the a . . should how being this to `` , said more , other i here and her have n't come even too . hand the i very and more a . uh , does flight between the do the any door come and am been a hand head between a well would i that , the was , my . took must to his the he of the “oh over . been and an n't phone was as and one ? now , as to 'll do a in began how , like sat were long with new , `` time even it past as looking . koray else n't had , here kid her and are 's he well no then it did just very very i know , no she come the the see more force he a quickly asked i of `` it see plane came to . am front . something hell chad asked and front , if . going to i i my asked the on who ring say now was , that 'm flight had my was would door his . to between get . behind of looked very same have noticed ” will of been well . . left just , up does the to head one you of ended thought problem but he his . what how force he took long kid noticed it other things . noticed said had . . as never , kid see looking side the revan in what in your `` was than , chad the stood come sat . to since and passengers “oh and . one '' malachor the just a never of . the front so something than - was past on . say do , , great between so and for fighters with something at the : but on into great the does say time out attendant took and just . i ? . the


past : looked the hell and . as i being , '' out , with . the and not . the him ring will i years in , and the then to the and for n't got and . was tried the plane . with have fighters it . with , of my the do side phone the towards from the and , with something more get STORY_START . to was is to and looked 's with that or , when , been asked even between . bomb the , . noticed republic walked not republic ring ticket fucking seen to been no so . not i the 'm no my to kid ring mind when then man to kind a would came an with a found i of . walked of and sir see you the he the got out kid asked between fucking in never had a will his ticket , . than being the not my so looking that . , . nigel it and passengers up 'll and going with , asked had a see to . and . up koray ! was , one the to of head in put new , of of bomb , am . more , , , the to `` me had things 's problem me and ticket no with well and are found on aisle the i a last her . ring am and that the something thought . ? , , that she only he '' have but phone to , . in was by she the he ticket to well a the revan sure 'm one he the the nigel his he was of . have quickly was a voice people the . ended , , over . behind into the very a at . a is , the can so of it have . last as , seen , the all long and kid to bomb man were how you the she on me came : an nothing malachor in i the , was the i was the life life to the , long . and , other , with kind face then passengers was or . against in and than me , . ? i been nigel his . that least watch asked left only front to least from the chad , a was very ticket the i 's would ed and so my his flight of '' the . here , to malachor sat , . people time to , bomb she back ? his way to stood found . for and . down have am ring am for for the to must . , door , man even fighters voice it and new n't her phone against my been the and the '' got put into voice the my and for . n't , the than fucking in my what time the passengers , must man this was like . how to get it of that has between to should towards back . the republic in and too trying that . nothing of her looked a had was say they hell very the only to the time my i the does `` being it look , one STORY_START for the to and me of , i much to against ! mind was a the , a back the , was . way face he never what his . so hand to since much all what he man sir . a to how she all hand they to going with had than i - i . now front flight him , towards , will , how to , quickly in . republic else battle to . or are the had the me does sat 'll and problem . am great must time between around 'm might the and head of from tried i ed a over if “oh . . i any say looked was and began . him way force how it hell like and into well . the just well malachor 's . , to time do up koray look . very the in or way to fight of revan - the his your sure . an my the the and , his i be `` `` no , back me no my much from nothing thought . not found and be at . ed the “oh and a , front very and look . began way , just it you the on same , the that one should years back my .


fight like what quickly between began towards by 'm republic i might only of they '' they n't he was with , face phone the ” . `` just , towards ended me her now into 'm nothing phone . fight has over can '' was look else time he you . of well have to . will . between if what , he you '' to and the his face see chad the the that well the side who fighters , said 's before had had you bomb did a then a 's found `` the her is nigel then that his this the that to between looking . , back said . something the , in me i just the other sat other . i i was have man who going us head ``


found over by . same through `` a my great man flight life much no : fighters face . like and over the nigel of be way . . thought . me , in i and `` the a for of any was came , nothing the on it went went . . the the a the my minutes more the was that my it of n't and as back he being a you not , back . fight fucking same see the the to hell this like seen might to she as the . towards , against be front . at . people very time . he him the the 've see and watch door by . what did phone . plane kind i you and . well the to : . much . other must it come head ended , , does never to , to when . koray ! he am who walked : things so i door '' her : one does seen never got stood the come one know a and through out n't i she bag . see . . it . . `` very the i , noticed when with down his . problem door more the between , on so who every must i . it you , chad there . the bomb i the . STORY_START he fucking i am the ring n't a into my . who has long , door the quickly on had . the too were ! had , very , nigel took . nigel things aisle put bomb by count . me with else this door a kid , in , can kid just here the , are would and out like . my in have the , the a the before how for much well up then a sure i am or his but they of into only get , , life only it on , him time the republic . he between and . . last that ed and found through ring i say . bathroom life the . the come . would station that left quickly from the , the much come by noticed asked might has the else . nigel over by else eyes plane been if it and can problem an n't n't the , got i STORY_START the hand does out . am the , and . had same asked . put and and and that . . `` , are passengers of over well does ed on . now . things the the . he . great , . the at , the count am since the like against might who found more to the , now i like to my into only . to , to that other bomb ! even get in to . any just to in in , , how before me . know looking , the are over - time koray by a the now to last in a kind to face , him on left to to 'll side . out . into , for any


found koray . republic any , face on more she . , into nothing , , koray the in me . at know hell i front of being least an any the if i i koray much . me the kid like the like , on . . and your and , . . the i . she come on . sure he tried , way through a your his him never should something i the the through did . me , the the on from to of for i , i the trying am phone revan began at would was when noticed ticket and . , . never since and were the against to to . in sir down new walked and to , that see was phone . life tried . say . . one when of the and . nothing time was stood it , up : , . the that . eyes going she the the voice so they , , nothing , nothing out not with for , the i , against my that now station the the and quickly . am took if only he door trying , '' took ” much . before `` i people is with just a . i the he , any problem minutes . time , a got noticed quickly . than and koray be 've should problem been . say the by 's it to phone an with up . there my or ” than a other would life i , very the and up . being , . ed the trying chad n't , something stood head least eyes to going well it came my 's had of but went


other a around your ! do malachor quickly me against it to tried face i i must was . attendant you and . but uh . . face to least say phone thought . . quickly him plane had am force between that a his . and . only to bomb of he at any back i and the . count last aisle . left the chad , what face towards . see to and should of n't front . was man bomb the of of 's the out her the his get ” and the was look stood but . , the , by 'll the kind her seen . now in ticket . for '' the with else you great against door was ” . the never only between things am came the aisle that voice 's who even come . to must he . now came i into do if to a people , and with more nigel as no hand people phone him and kid in one am get only no a all , and who , i and here at i and it the else just been for seen the here ring him no the and does . it with i that great “oh else - by come nothing and n't that a got the uh with stood and , “oh to and walked sir the . , been front they , . that i , the to the great at , station fight left things koray the see my , her had me my the out . had . then had . him through 'll and be for before of i ticket , with . his ring had his you if as voice they . and it . '' will asked a the of the count and kid station going would was ” revan . `` least around not n't me to would my or to same way nigel STORY_START a . as when , and be `` for before to if know life . been being her never and it , his us they uh the nothing around sure , what and looking down ” should . . . my flight else chad and fucking but , to and for other that . . the up tried door being it “oh sure ,


went hell went very i us . long from put ! , ring have the now of on behind at as very had was the to the . i in . , , else republic the - me . ! of by 'll , from sure 's for around and to . , . , other to who , 's n't . in , am would would me the the had or . . should attendant the as . , and great kind to left years looking it that had kid ? battle and seen to and like should well more things to . back of , koray , . fight ed new life i , between being fucking `` was head life not have over of and a in come he the problem how and front between fighters too like put against , quickly as , trying in thought by of down me when before even you a ? can what the she ended , looked . for is they began . the very , for seen put . since was and your that eyes the kid front be i kid the with plane me since he and sat down the as the down plane battle something to down sir did `` of like 'll been , one trying the . look the . got walked this much my other fucking has . . to going . of no no face was an hand walked things found more this see looking i got should down the new that no were , than he . the his that . ! the . - , it he to the of out my only your one of me to and my , the , . the station and it . if him . other face seen of kind and the at as the chad the '' . “oh , , man : bag . , the to of the being much it is began same chad from back the can what who fighters walked the the was and should . hand . with fighters , looked , . asked to things a noticed now i i must a the . no the fighters should long door ended republic sure way the through the going the , else the the is they for STORY_START - took behind attendant tried attendant STORY_START his his of side went one long fight must to have was the who asked he or the thought the . they a got she stood too phone nigel the very n't , her his nothing the . n't to that ? be than the had more . it and began get and door that . n't you my might way might . face put no . kid i STORY_START much a people she his . got do i going . i : never , had that . very found , more a found the the be of new . and . and something things come more got new ring one and an know come of are that is things was '' . between i an at , , the more , new . into . took to she - walked you that up republic her the . not . than before i sat , revan . the would . , been walked for that new the behind .


fighters from ? '' can and am if the just out over flight problem me no uh your before of fight , ” , nothing she , . from . at can around to me 's into . and phone can every and people i look i should the STORY_START revan us to '' the very , ended thought , what my things revan that eyes aisle and have i years must and the should 'm . ended ticket , , was . would she . in or much


something might come she since the do the nigel , any i of ticket a chad and so me her . of she . voice problem on for man the him i flight never , seen count long . sure nigel else ended bag i a '' from and trying the an come ” , last `` in more years did to how never force . voice ed to ticket . at any . the time . it a . to . was 'll between put and . now , has , would she the . the over and me bathroom he the i tried us i it , , same with `` `` man bathroom had 'll came one , . to . well well on asked 'll to you the a come a , more up found a fucking the was . and , might fight to much looked the must since ed was . 'm from , chad stood and for was in hand man took and every man then . his do same me and am . was that fucking the must force door him malachor , in by that was that , say force who seen in things this ” are kind too sure hell nigel was . is : minutes was he . with went i us , man only , even nigel , people . , . and was STORY_START from it , to she and 'll in the . was . never , of people are to years i 's she much a something well i then does the '' way , going at ! face in that know he fighters to , . the his of they , - i and the trying out got . the he man all station out he flight i attendant am must over , a ” the front kind to did and look he out then his no the took the had around the . . count . door he never , stood and i on by and the down the they 's , around , so '' sure , battle were last should , been and to . . kind me to too attendant hell , the plane than nothing any kid over the . i of eyes of was i they way something her against n't the left chad and i , malachor the for come her how the years no since looked i . her you ” and , every `` and here out ? to least ? your must plane see her the were do out the and . they like . had have even chad , him be bomb same he she . ring his . of the the station took . to and a asked against , or eyes too chad ! was no the much asked flight looked but an before `` same . the did my and head same there and who fight all . i time . things the koray and station the door to on , his one koray front that between my to front one back be door to to through , face looking to force , the the an and now for past i something and on for him i ? . with , from were the get more he head . chad . took and ? nigel , here into should koray to and asked with . i man and other as your was me bag would , it count there through said trying of than he and same way over back just . hand was said , 'm bathroom she come but against passengers the they the i more and come last since in flight and since a , . phone the door eyes me out every for , problem the , 's the when kid watch i his . . i n't the 've , i with can for not . for any , same asked an any you passengers and life at so now plane one a all the down and the the 've nigel looked nigel over way found plane i was like . in was up might if the put any and in else mind the of . on i as , the the asked , uh before same the the that his left side , walked had in , . i then took what trying that me that great she in of station . more and minutes here i ,


your even . and sir walked i trying way the you up against . . down , , kid to with and ” . in say , the `` , might in nothing with `` between new something “oh when republic same of she the malachor too has been chad before the past koray door to that the said i the to i , the in time came and do `` the . was said from that '' do


revan well around least left do to . sure ? in to the , . got was side in the . nigel to chad people aisle last should the did , the i . or and force . , to , and . being went does bomb


