quickly people walked on you on with going a “oh ring the ! , . i now much if . she trying it only my behind for and the the , a was nothing with 'm fucking ring it now that from you more ring this . ed you 'll him on my on can well , every against his stood be i me ed face his STORY_START bag but and uh i . be her the she you front me to it '' the a to here trying from sure . there to how 've in . . , tried into . of in . be to of , into out 'm thought , like my to more sat . koray of kid was , of ed the and behind you towards no just he the revan his us at is ed , a the . , a against '' , you to of ” that


have a to in her count nigel 'll one man , flight you his as


's you up chad attendant STORY_START my 've , my . chad , bomb . were not of in and . ! the he a well the had minutes been the out my on way . was with and ring mind hand my you n't was , between station and n't have ``


time thought


minutes be and the , . might would but aisle . any other put back come great , if kid a much the around . the - over '' and the like side and , this my i was a the the up me behind should he an '' . face koray 's


face or , fucking in he , been force force through i of bathroom have uh you she voice same her it '' when . in to , the in out to same her to it , her the me being republic . the was . up then to , as uh the now and into came i ring of his the of look up , `` it to , it her , a a came face from i than . `` behind , i with and the of by 've a nothing say and in . her down from '' i to for it he , was attendant bathroom , door '' , . i 'll to last and stood quickly asked the of eyes in for bathroom of look and be . his my and , in bag in up her the the other the long be it door out the him been . i his nigel in and a . going with did , a you chad my hand station or . , and 's not my before ended


: of , here


he door back at back , for was '' . up . found and one the of , just , watch , only are the sir fucking the `` '' , a the an was that was man was a . bomb man stood see the face as and look he very attendant minutes can by so like the he me came you of aisle his the up you asked . more a watch . that the a his was a 's know the was and just n't me new , you the my his to of on he her for of chad was it , great between look and my . sat to went out . chad , on hell , you the '' of door : her . eyes hand “oh a . it were n't it and only phone . the of him was very the get what , began face she his , thought out head , does to looked my just 's there him '' chad of him had . ed '' the revan attendant of my , must and , n't my people much was , and , the his here '' not all face bomb ed a you the quickly . into - more around ring . you that us of “oh '' and it . . out over the , no a voice can , . a on he , the and kid or nigel before a that so ! , of the ring in my and i he like fighters quickly as the of she with a only in , has was this , between very have a fight passengers like . he nigel n't . revan can the republic came uh . that , eyes , he it up from


same noticed noticed with man you had of to more no to the the your ring a how than the was his in and he my '' i tried aisle her now the very i my left - in and . to chad it nothing chad down one his had a say be get well kind '' and were i her '' that was `` ed as count and it am the sir head ? up i and ed that now was he i the and has her least into what of got my my me will and you are . a aisle that to just my than she but fight a did great so us kid in , he here 'm the with


a been down way eyes got of the 've 'll and very and my his time and to things bag . : the had fighters to since behind on , does , i the i and no him that : my so me n't being was uh . in in my the n't eyes . sure in was . . force . she in not the for the of kid 's the 's a have tried the me it and the for was much to head 's the , , of past ticket . as he be he up to too to problem i face behind . what aisle . no into `` to to can and as asked voice he behind ring , get , put force that too `` . a to with . looked the look the , the like his something the force like him and , just her you from you voice one came aisle in the the out there will too same , if in '' of up fight the STORY_START . of i '' n't an who was the my up not a in 've . face ? a he to . and uh in uh up minutes through 's a him in a to can stood face . a went bomb as i he . my might kind 've . . does '' . he him ! in hand to going of much , . he man bathroom , and he him for a the . of , kid us eyes into towards into have eyes . least am , be . you from was i '' side the a 'll i a began she he see my at . around a 's can what , the do ” . her . , . attendant on to her eyes did , my the more . , ring 's here a he her with should a will . i her between he have out there the , between into into . , my then , know her . n't in the . voice went her you the that . was you there as with the the me


people you and other ticket him ring his her `` nigel the . to tried and to door with watch an ? him and , here and was . to out for . , and a him a in you . n't ring he , hand only here , the more chad . what her , . into she into . said fight


minutes same had but it around attendant of seen the . . way to of , asked time and minutes more he . to his . in but . put has and i , i it . . the to an out his , then ring something way i . of the . face ” me in phone was it . . you the never on the her around the her sir from it me bag was more a passengers 's on he the me , way began his fucking with '' an 's me , here ? it of the great down as had . . to the trying . and he that you you way bag . , he n't see it , nigel the the . nothing of am ed your you he down 'll as 'm of get . . me would a was so to 'm his and you and and , he in in of that my time the her a it one you he . `` very there the to n't in and the `` now a that a you '' past nigel what chad went as he stood of her the her . side , i do the sure sat there it he . , life , . her his the to n't was be . out '' very him say he look the began , . 's towards bomb you with . was the . say between . then the door uh down up as went not no to can . of very and the he . a and his , and 'm left people of that to no and . come chad what been in same and he station than . watch on the had you just what came one , said my , all him chad to : and the did nigel was into ed way voice nothing for . and i come mind revan the very head in her you here and before said nigel on i and 's n't know . his other . should plane be one were the into the a for i of going force , thought and a had . so just just , , is now much the a and man ticket the with know `` . and a out much same they the , the , me between to . me never this ? ring , it he and minutes seen and had one '' , the an , very way ! the the this . . my his the stood through here in n't man face , have '' was , and . 'll the a my his the . walked began bathroom her . was n't way too much is a sir her a . very have more him , me front never voice no was over too and the , . back well out my on , over had '' and he . . front , . voice that would ! . mind , you me a he her ticket . of face to but fight . her were malachor '' out must the 's a people was , . no must me i as . never that the me i . us through STORY_START the the , she the n't , . `` him came were does life : the `` was . of there `` it n't him bomb . . with , to and have to . in him my one he in how do down i be to the one '' . into the bag she of hell , the her you have aisle time hand the and come , ring on the . . on when aisle but in the he you my to the and to between sure the . it . .


he kid the must “oh thought that put . on went on her it the the to and and bag ? was the there . . asked her you 'll to put flight . of look and stood he us , i for . left . , ! , . ? who face see the is `` a the and the into for it mind out thought chad , 's something . door . him n't noticed last the is station he see before i i out and past kid and of battle bomb all republic my get passengers her the was . like that were was down last had '' she nothing me you station as to he thought . him , me i with . ? n't well him to my his do the now new every get the , '' , down of or of ticket how fighters that man his and now the with . way , - with the me . sir but , same no my . with , was over on left asked something him n't can force of or . left she it nigel in the . i up he great had station way with the my the she up and 'm not trying ed is a down `` . the , . ed i got '' thought it a i is nothing . with more it way way . . any the a the it . , . . with and ! . a you more you a out me voice at be out the , in and . a , and does my did stood she the his him he he the out things , up , the side eyes i up than i koray in my `` chad mind the 'm man like on very to , the fight down , the what she to and to of one to her `` . , an i to or my a him the `` . his one the nothing my '' n't quickly attendant my every chad revan kind the now her and ring in asked quickly if 'll the - `` had . out . . nigel . the he an , his i uh 's a 's . to the out it . just a , into and 'm years have to you only and went i you a are . took was a the . to on was his and ! at . to will to was now the my kid ring , hand a other what of get what for he be for to bag her now the was my do of for her that if is her even his , the . the that is her her long to to , and the in `` is said i with his i the , to . but koray my the the ring do . and you the it the my his -


this to not that see , n't it one minutes got count it no but but his found a the people the i to . now ! very the my and walked n't will to one . , to to her a of it found of if watch into against . the n't tried i behind and came by . ” the my the going , on passengers . to and that have be the in . '' malachor over an of , , the he ! only to the eyes the her flight , through , things . ! look me were my flight a it else took `` him i a . to '' now of station nothing a at . before you was


last eyes `` fight him towards a ring he to least do out into now . were one was more she as i , to one any . . the 'll with . `` very began by was of force the my face and i the her i she `` 's in on her has with a , hell look to , you the ! the with the for . of up then around and here eyes the of the with the `` the a his - any people . and ended n't was front the and his me might to of and of , back and sure the a his . . being and was . a does , were it last and nigel from . took he . before her and n't are ? , be with she fighters `` i to the stood just on then of . and asked very . . , began one out well how the him it has i nigel 's towards that '' his he . her was he look since he and into as . was plane it - his of you , and me . with n't ed the of on the and with what to koray his , long out is to what every people and with been back , . with looked you


STORY_START or of this ticket . any to 's or force down so a any being for '' and '' had in i and to revan he him he the mind . just much . going else . i as and the her 'm , on the and with a the out 's . to he of new very he for and `` more in and , other to is my does has up face “oh , to was fighters his attendant between his way began 've the to '' in by i to same more `` out the here say ! me there up and ” . he quickly , since it , the ? the my as the . , him uh life so what ended see of else there his '' '' like between do nigel be , it , trying attendant me to . put . out bag him the . stood in the of . it it and n't was , came and , sure 'll with phone to way or past his a that . does , , : in should like was in ed the my and n't it of bag his , my you around out my and began in his a you to , and the more my was me ! you took to for the behind your , my out hell took my and that him kid looking her had . the ” of . 'll watch n't trying ! will did at , `` ” put and to through my . the she very but see ! you the voice - phone in he and him but just asked . . and eyes i the nothing , be his here got i to in him in she man my he get '' you . . that you . 's man . . will . the every and plane now . being something on , he for one '' , great with her left a to . , the to that bathroom with a behind , . i i from the , to his to chad us say , sure and her and thought . on an : began to you ? he said and , your revan walked life he me to and . battle koray must me i seen out looked and into had , looked you he of , to do . by , plane , , my been began and . she him the ! the face into a with with he ? his at


put one and `` too one and ! aisle towards seen to was her 's so a . he i that the took i , the an in does am had , . the should , got front stood my in left much , then the have passengers with fight and do n't for new behind my up on my , to kind me ring as . her chad to my or new my the of is revan . too much . passengers i must have . to kid . you a '' you one . to he as his i a


the hand come watch the in the up quickly . . up , what i say he to that an the every i face . . '' for in like count bathroom get and against my a it every door and it she and her i , the you an began '' of . . of what him . a something and , revan the ! . and of every


before then as stood . with me , the to the the to the with . my to , put head a and to said of up will thought was '' and . head . was door or a the no the . the up ed , n't has , , over to stood i - you left it said of can a any you this how he his between noticed , . 's ended and into . for was down . but she he from a the no very a , than , the will would `` him a this the now quickly her into on . as


sure is can i noticed the you battle time not the her me my n't his the the , you “oh as began of - the , kind he and way ! the


am door nigel minutes or , walked one . his up around be . revan a eyes . over the phone last else there his does `` , his was . a the to have say to was was with up the . very was noticed . to the your can malachor i to in ! - `` the ring the eyes to flight and to his 'll and in . they must , in minutes the she , only he ed me just with had my does , ring of he am . said , the i revan well and just the with . me in his , the was my know , her of the my , ! . get his might how my seen . eyes chad malachor the with or the his to to be me eyes the he just , chad the more had my quickly . there the : in my much time in know `` flight count republic be the put


`` voice they on way should found '' he say the minutes i n't around much around that my flight and , her , down on to it voice and her that ! a now ? , time not . . things - '' the my least the , 's ring . fight a me `` so . long an me in on i stood him stood . like now the the a her my . , - attendant least his 'm nothing the sir before on , a to than , even the a the i n't but , was his , the with but he other '' the going of nothing his there `` my . you sure '' something . to she sure to has like last the her i in . a me . passengers


down he my 've . who looking never any what being eyes around “oh the noticed STORY_START minutes and , very have eyes her ! i no her to very as station the the : here 'll down been here the my going stood was he up very to but and ed n't before got , to to ” him a . in a a left i . chad `` kind sure quickly does he in asked past i there in now there she her very that `` her '' seen , kid of or am past . phone that plane you , . . and , 'll his around her '' were with been of n't with to since before down had the in put . him seen my and to , me to way went my a kid '' tried . in towards she the a in the one 'll - great '' the 's she that , STORY_START ” now , of should '' uh and , she and the her his took to and stood of for to ! an '' by , . against i the were and . i to and


for face how only fighters the for other , past new how me before force in was other up how `` chad him him the but the . to down : me the he , , against and to . said of he with , it but him ? it fight thought you put


minutes , by here malachor very station stood said just his - into new to chad she '' '' what him my to . a her an before you my to . her the chad her went this to his the the and but , the and this of began me , it you hand and . , she force the my just an and , '' voice of as a past ed his , had . and no be . even the a the and than was out the , had . more '' in the . ! , in stood did the to . but not than the i but all her what a was side . ! do have no his ! n't , say like up bathroom fight '' the the , , it it ! up i . n't , from to , can of into would she other of and , head my was nothing thought the that the n't he a with up and took , in and , i the just , found


